I hope you guys enjoyed the first section of the course, which was all about building your profile
up and making sure that you've got your skills and content to showcase.
It's basically setting you up for awesomeness.
But the next part of this course is all about content creation, because like any social media platform,
you will get out the more effort you put in.
Meaning like any social media platform like Facebook, like Instagram, like Twitter, like Tik Tok,
if you are in the background, if you're not posting actively, if you aren't interacting with other
people, your audience is not going to grow.
You are not going to get any feedback.
People aren't going to come to your profile.
So like any of those, LinkedIn is a social media profile at its core, and so you need to treat it
like such.
So over the next few lectures, we are going to talk about liking posts, commenting on posts, writing
your own posts, sharing articles that are related to virtual assistants and why all of that matters.
But I wanted to come here face to face and drilled this into your head.
The more effort you put into this platform, the better your results will be.
Part of the reason why we are going through lectures about liking posts and commenting and interacting
with people.
Part of it is because we need the algorithm to favor you just like anything else on the internet.
Nowadays, it is run by an algorithm and the more active of a participant you are, the more likely
the algorithm is going to pay attention to you.
And honestly, algorithm aside, who wants to post and ghost who ever interacts with somebody who doesn't
interact back with you?
Do you have any friends that only talk about themselves?
If so, how does that make you feel?
Do you hate it?
Nobody and I would really argue this.
Nobody actually likes a person that only talks about themselves.
Me, me, me, me, me.
And asks no questions and has zero interest in you.
That sucks.
Social media is the exact same way.
If you get onto this platform and you're constantly talking about me, me, me, me, me, I'm doing
this and I'm doing that and I'm going to help you do this.
That's OK.
But it's like, you're that friend that's only talking about yourself.
What's better is sure for you to get on LinkedIn and share interesting articles that are related to
your skills, your niche virtual assistants.
What is helpful, though, is for you to be a friend, be a human being.
Be an actual friend.
Meet other virtual assistants and like their posts, comment on them.
Meet them virtually.
Get to know what kind of skills they offer.
Tell them about your skills or your ideal clients.
Become a known and helpful resource.
If you see people asking questions on LinkedIn that you can answer, answer them because the more you
can be a helpful resource, the more likely you are to stick out in somebody's mind.
And the next time somebody needs a client, they'll be like, How do I know anyone who can help me with
X y z?
And if you've been that interactive, helpful resource on LinkedIn, you will come to mind first.
So being an active participant is really twofold.
It's to help the algorithm pick you up.
It's to help disseminate your profile more often, but it's also to help you become a more expert,
experienced, helpful know and resource.
All those things are going to help you attract people to your profile, and that is exactly what we
want.
So if you are thinking in this course that you're simply going to set up your profile and then forget
about it forever, sorry, I have awful news for you.
That is not how this profile works.
The good news is we are going to break down over the next few sections how you can become interactive
in just minutes a day.
Because I do think the benefit of LinkedIn is that you can get up over the morning with a cup of coffee,
wake up and in 10 minutes, scroll through your feed, either through through the phone or on your computer.
And like a couple of posts, answer a couple of people.
Introduce yourself to somebody.
It really is that simple, and it can be done in just minutes per day.
Hopefully, you're excited.
Just give me the benefit of the doubt and for the next few months, post every day and see what happens.
I think you will be delighted by the results.
So, OK, that was enough of my talking head.
Now let's get into the section and then after this next content section, by the way, we are talking
about connections and job opportunities.
And this lecture definitely plays into the next one as well.
So remember this one?
We're also talking about making connections.
With other voices or pitching for jobs, you need to make sure that you have a profile that's active.
That's helpful.
Your you're an active member or an engaged member because all that's going to affect your connections
as well.
So I am pumped.
Let's go on to the next section where we're going to start liking posts.